http://www.aarp.org/travel/destinations/info-05-2013/mountain-ranges-in-america.html#slide1

Mount Whitney, California
At 14,505 feet — the highest point in the Lower 48 — this granite beauty is surprisingly 
easy to climb. Hikers in good shape can make the 22-mile round-trip trek to the summit 
and back in a single (albeit long) day. The payoff is fantastic views that include the 
lowest place in the United States: Death Valley.

Maroon Bells, Colorado
With their almost vertical faces reflected in mirrorlike Maroon Lake, these three triangular 
peaks (14,163 feet at their highest point) near Aspen are probably more photographed 
than any other scene in Colorado. Visit the region for alpine wildflowers in summer 
and golden trees in fall. In winter, don snowshoes or cross-country skis to take 
in the quiet beauty of the landscape.

Mount Shasta, California
From the flat plain of California's Upper Sacramento Valley soars this 14,179-foot 
behemoth, a perennially snowcapped volcano that last erupted in 1786. The mountain 
is a popular challenge for beginning climbers and a magnet for spiritual seekers 
(you can tap into the scene in the New Age-y town of Mount Shasta).

Mount Timpanogos, Utah
Fondly referred to as "Timp" by locals, this 11,750-foot peak is Utah's second highest. 
The mountain's history is cloaked in Native American legends, including one that 
has the hearts of two ill-fated lovers bound into a single Great Heart — a large stalactite 
in one of the mountain's impressive limestone caves.

Mount Rainier, Washington
East of Seattle, this enormous volcano hovers like a snowcapped totem. In summer, 
Mount Rainier National Park is popular for its alpine wildflowers, with aptly 
named Paradise being one of the best spots for blooms. Mountaineers also take 
on the 14,410-foot peak, testing their ice-climbing skills on its glaciers.

Mount Katahdin, Maine
This 5,269-foot mountain might not be the precise spot where the sun first 
hits the country in the morning, but it sure feels like it. The glaciated, 
granite peak — rising above a surrounding so remote it's sometimes referred 
to as the 51st state — is the perfect place to catch the day's first light.

Grand Teton, Wyoming
Dramatic, unforgettable, wild — this snaggletoothed peak is everything a mountain should be. 
It's justly on the bucket list of many mountaineers, who must tackle rock, ice and snow to 
reach the 13,770-foot summit. Some even take on the ultimate challenge: hauling up skis so 
they can schuss their way back down.

Wheeler Peak, Nevada
This wild and remote 13,065-foot jaw-dropper is the signature mountain in 125,000-acre 
Great Basin National Park. Wind your way into the clouds on the spectacular Wheeler Peak 
Scenic Drive, a paved (thankfully) 12-mile route that corkscrews up to spots with 
unforgettable desert vistas.

Mauna Loa, Hawaii
This Big Island beast of a mountain, the world's largest volcano, tops out at 13,677 feet. 
That's impressive enough, yet geologists estimate Mauna Loa's true height, measured 
from the depression its mass forms in the Earth's crust, is a staggering 56,000 feet 
total, or 5 miles taller than Mount Everest. And it's still growing, its crimson lava 
visible today within Hawaii Volcanoes National Park.

Mount McKinley, Alaska
Whether you call it by its modern moniker or by its native Athabascan Indian name, 
Denali, meaning "Great One," this 20,320-foot geologic masterpiece, North America's 
tallest mountain, creates an unforgettable silhouette in the Alaskan sky. Protected 
as part of 6 million acres of national park, it's a land of snow and ice, braided 
glacial rivers and incredible wildlife.

